Add README for benchmark module and benchmark sample application (#2167)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: sample/benchmark/README.md

# Datadog benchmark sample application

## Overview

> This is a sample application for Datadog internal use to benchmarking the overhead of SDK features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sample application for Datadog internal use to benchmark the overhead of SDK features.
```

> The application will be uploaded for every commit in `develop` branch to continuously monitor the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application is uploaded for every commit in `develop` branch to continuously monitor the
```

> overhead of the SDK in case of any spike on CPU usage, memory usage or FPS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
overhead of the SDK in case of any spike in CPU usage, memory usage or FPS.
```

> overhead of the SDK in case of any spike on cpu usage, memory usage or FPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
overhead of the SDK in case of any spike on CPU usage, memory usage or FPS.
```

## Getting started

When creating the synthetics test for continuous benchmarking with this application, optional intent

> arguments needed to be defined in order to control the scenario which should be measured. for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arguments needed to be defined in order to control the scenario that should be measured. for
```

> example if the test target is Session Replay here is the intent arguments for the baseline test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, if the test target is Session Replay, here are the intent arguments for the baseline test:
```

```json
{
  "synthetics.benchmark.scenario": "sr",
  "synthetics.benchmark.run": "baseline"
}
```

And here is the example for the instrumented test:

```json
{
  "synthetics.benchmark.scenario": "sr",
  "synthetics.benchmark.run": "instrumented"
}
```

> If you want to run the application locally, a `benchmark.json` file needs to be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the application locally, create a `benchmark.json` file with the following contents
```

Author: updated!

> under `config/` folder of root path:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
under the `config/` folder in the root path:
```
